# Which TV Show Should I Watch Next? 
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/qnPOTj-B5r0
#### Description:
This program is made to cut down the amount of time it takes to figure out what you want to watch next. Save yourself all that wasted time scrolling through streaming services loooking for something that grabs your eye, and answer a few simple questions, designed to really capture what it is that you want, even if you're not sure yourself. Based on a combination of your favourite genres, favourite actors/actresses, and the current mood you're in, this program is sure to give you what you didn't even know you were looking for. Simply enter as many of your favourite genres as you like, as many of your favourite actors/actresses as you like, and the current mood you're in, and this program will tally the results and let you know something that is as close to what you want as is currently available! 

To create this program, I started by creating a library of TV shows. I found as many of the most popular and well liked shows of all different genres as I could, as well as their overall moods/vibes, and listed them with the main actors and actresses in each show. Once I had a good long list to suit everyone's tastes, I started creating the questions that would be used to create my user profile, which would in turn be used to work out the best recommendation for them. I focussed on three main questions, but to make it the best it could be, I allowed the user as many answers as they wanted to enter into the user's favourite actors/actresses, as well as as many of their favourite genres as they could enter. I left the mood to just one, not only to be less overwhelming, but to make it less work for the user to be able to find what they needed without getting too frustrated with the process - which is the reason to have this program in the first place. 

I used logging to turn all of these answers into the users profile, which is stored in the logging file, and which is then used to filter the recommendation options in the library down to shows that match with the user profile answers. The program then organises these matches in order from the most matching words to the least, and returns the top matching recommended show to the user, as their perfectly matched recommendation. I had to take time to learn to use logging, as I thought given the description that this would be the best way to create the program, and the best way to store info to be able to use in improving it in the future. It did take a long time, and a lot of trying different things to make this work for me as I 'd never done it before, but I wanted to use as many of the things I had learned as possible, whilst also challenging myself to learn something extra too. 

As I used a library to list the shows that can be recommended, it is extremely easy to take out or add in more TV shows as the popularity of these shows rises or declines, or stops being available to stream. This program could be used by specific streaming companies to recommend only shows found on their service, or as an independant program recommending shows crossing lots of different producers. It is also made to be easily adjustable if it's found that the users are entering moods that aren't listed already, to be able to quickly and easily make the program more and more user friendly as it used more and more.  

I ended up creating eight different custom functions instead of the suggested three, as I found that in order to make this work, it needed to be a lot more complex than three custom functions would allow. While this did take a very long time, it was nesessary in order for the program to work smoothly. 
